---
layout: post
title:  "This Week in tbrpggepp #12"
date:   2020-05-08
---

## COVID-19: AKA The Dark Ages

From the end of the Major Project Designing and Planning submission to the end of Week 2 Term 2, we were all left in effective isolation with only the mere threat of a Major Project submission yet another term on the horizon to keep us at bay. Safe to say, not a lot of SDD work was conducted by me personally during this period, aside from the sporadic reading of my PyQt4 textbook. Instead of providing a Progress/Problems/Learning blog post for this period, I will instead insert the transcript of a mock interview between me, the Developer and Me, the client.

Developer: What are you looking for in this program and what is your motivation for commissioning it?

Client: *Throughout the years I've created many text-based adventure games for work and leisure, yet every time I create a game I have to manually edit vast and clunky json files by hand. My hope for tbrpggepp is that it will make the creation of such games orders of magnitudes easier and more intuitive.*

Developer: What platform do you want us to release the program to?

Client: *The program has to sufficiently cross-platform in nature such that it may be ran on both Linux and Windows. Mac OS would be a nice touch.*

Developer: How should we release the program?

Client: *As a libre software product, the program should be distributed by publicly releasing the source code on a site such as GitHub*

Developer: Are you satisfied by the User Interface mockups we've created so far?

Client: *They look so good, it's as if I wrote them myself.*
